VM Copy support (#1210)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/vapp_vm.html.markdown

  cpu_reservation = "200"
  cpu_limit       = "1000"
}
```

## Example Usage (VM copy)

> This example shows how to create a VM copy from existing VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a copy of an existing VM
```

Author: Fixed.

```hcl

data "vcd_vapp_vm" "existing" {
  vapp_name = data.vcd_vapp.web.name
  name      = "web1"
}

resource "vcd_vapp_vm" "vm-copy" {
  org = "org"
  vdc = "vdc"

  copy_from_vm_id = data.vcd_vapp_vm.existing.id # source VM ID

>   vapp_name       = vcd_vapp.vm-copy-destination-template-vm.name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  vapp_name       = data.vcd_vapp_vm.existing.vapp_name
```

Author: Fixed.

  name            = "VM Copy"
  power_on        = false

  network {
    type               = "org"

>     name               = vcd_vapp_org_network.template-vapp-copy.org_network_name

Reviewer: Where does this vApp network come from?

Author: I obviously didn't have a data source for it, but changed now - added additional data source.

* `computer_name` - (Optional; *v2.5+*) Computer name to assign to this virtual machine.
* `vapp_template_id` - (Optional; *v3.8+*) The URN of the vApp Template to use. You can fetch it using a [`vcd_catalog_vapp_template`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/catalog_vapp_template) data source.
* `vm_name_in_template` - (Optional; *v2.9+*) The name of the VM in vApp Template to use. For cases when vApp template has more than one VM.

> * `copy_from_vm_id` - (Optional; *v3.12+*) The ID of existing VM to make a copy of it. The source VM

Reviewer: We should specify that when using this option we can't use reference to a vApp template

Author: Fixed.
